DOCSUP-5169: Document the min_compress_block_size and max_compress_block_size settings (#18248)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md

    -   `merge_max_block_size` — Maximum number of rows in block for merge operations. Default value: 8192.
    -   `storage_policy` — Storage policy. See [Using Multiple Block Devices for Data Storage](#table_engine-mergetree-multiple-volumes).
    -   `min_bytes_for_wide_part`, `min_rows_for_wide_part` — Minimum number of bytes/rows in a data part that can be stored in `Wide` format. You can set one, both or none of these settings. See [Data Storage](#mergetree-data-storage).
    -   `max_parts_in_total` — Maximum number of parts in all partitions.

> 	-   `max_compress_block_size` — Maximum size of blocks of uncompressed data before compressing for writing to a table. You can also specify this setting in the global settings (see [max_compress_block_size](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#max-compress-block-size) setting). But the setting that is set when creating the table has a higher priority than the global setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	-   `max_compress_block_size` — Maximum size of blocks of uncompressed data before compressing for writing to a table. You can also specify this setting in the global settings (see [max_compress_block_size](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#max-compress-block-size) setting). The value specified upon table creation overrides the global value for this setting.
```

> 	-   `min_compress_block_size` — Minimum size of blocks of uncompressed data required for compression when writing the next mark. You can also specify this setting in the global settings (see [min_compress_block_size](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#min-compress-block-size) setting). But the setting that is set when creating the table has a higher priority than the global setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	-   `min_compress_block_size` — Minimum size of blocks of uncompressed data required for compression when writing the next mark. You can also specify this setting in the global settings (see [min_compress_block_size](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#min-compress-block-size) setting). The value specified upon table creation overrides the global value for this setting..
```
